*Please note that these notes do not reflect the opinions of Bitcoin Layers team members. Community calls are under [Chatham House](https://uk.practicallaw.thomsonreuters.com/7-201-2615?transitionType=Default&contextData=(sc.Default)&firstPage=true) rules unless otherwise specified.*

- Defining an L2. Unliateral exit
  - Is this the standard?
    - Yes, we should make it the standard because without it, everything becomes an L2.

- In Ethereum, the roadmap to becoming an L2 is pretty clear (in the context of general purpose smart contract blockchains).
    - All of these things are currently possible (e.g. unilateral exit, fraud proofs, zk verification). Teams can (in theory) build trustless scaling protocols that enable a wide array of VMs.
    - The reason we should follow this standard, related to rollups and sidechains, is because people should not be confused by the security models. Calling a rollup on Bitcoin a zkRU might make people think it has same security properties to Ethereum.
    - Things in Ethereum are getting muddy too.
  
- At this point does it even matter?
    - Lightning, no programmability (in the context of expressive smart contracts) + majority custodial use. Does it really make it an L2?
      - It's important to note that theoretical unilateral exit is still important. If a user *can* do it, then it's permissionless. UX / usage in practice is another category.
    - Unilateral should be the ultimate goal, but we should just judge things against the current implementations. Most things can't offer unilateral exit right now, so just note that in risk assessments as one of the security risks.
    - Should we even make it the requirement if it’s not really possible?
      - Yes, still needs to be a requirement.
  
- "Bitcoin maximalist" perspective is “generally” that we ensure that unilateral exit as the requirement to be an L2
  - A counter could be - Don’t even use the term L2. It confuses people and muddies the word. Can’t we just call everything an L2?

- Why don’t we just judge thing against their current implementation and not even worry about defining an L2?
  - But, there is a value to labeling something a Layer 2. This means that something is happening on top of something… E.g. a Layer 3 is on top of Layer 2 and Layer 1 is base layer. So we might need to define the current implementations because people might attribute similar security properties to protocols that are completely different. E.g. A rollup with Bitcoin DA is more secure than an L3 with another DA solution.

- Independent of all of this, there is a group that will not agree with it and this could divide neutrality in a way. Refusing to stictly define it keeps the opinions more diverse. It’d be helpful to keep everyone involved in the beginning at least.
  - It’s good to keep everyone involved and get people to agree on stuff. We say that unilateral exit is necessary to be an L2. We should judge teams pretty hard on this, but also share the utility for protocols outside of this.

- Risk framework
    - What could replace the on-chain transaction aspect in the risk analysis?
        - This should be a very binary question
        - But I wouldn’t have this under a general UX 
          - It needs to/can be its on indepedent question with a UX section, however.
    - Another way to do risk analysis is create a bunch of binary questions and put weights to them…
        - UX issues, vector attacks, etc.
        - The overall risk score is the combination of points related to the weights, versus a N/5 score.
     
- All layers need to have their own risk framework as well. E.g. statechains are very different from lightning, rollups, etc
    - We’re planning to do this
  
- Some other topics
    - MEV mitigation wrt rollups
        - Let’s set up a community call on MEV mitigation strategies and how we can incorporate Bitcoin miners in L2 block building with said strategy
        - Bitcoin Layers can lead this with other community members
