- Agenda
    - Weighted risk assessments, DA, different security models
- Data availability
    - What are the different approaches to DA?
    - What are the security risks that scaling protocols can take on when using alternative DAs
    - Some open questions we worked through as a group
        - What is the relationship with DA and unilateral exit?
        - Why are optimiums less secure than validiums
    - Lots of DA chatter lol. I really didn’t take notes during this but we basically highlighted the different types of DA, their security models, and why using Bitcoin for DA is kind of necessary for L2s (the rollup kind of L2).
- Weighted assessment
    - Sovereignty > decentralization of L2s
        - Forced exits are more important than a decentralized L2 protocol
            - This can be debated in practice, but we still think unilateral exit is a key component here
            - Sovereignty as in “user retains ownership of their assets when bridging into protocol” (unilateral exit)
        - Weighting this as the primary thing is important
    - DA might be second most important thing
        - The lightning channel is directly associated with DA. You could argue that the user will outsource the management of their channel to someone else (poorly taken note, take with grain of salt)
    - In the technology section you can mention that we observe that self-custodial usage can be difficult, or we can have a specific section on UX.
- Questions
    - Would you be able to do subheading on the practical versus technical distinctions with regards to some of the risk criteria?
        - E.g. why does Lightning have 80% (fact check) custodial adoption? What are the practical implications that see people adopt it custodially?
        - Probably can do another section on implementation details and covering the specific use cases for these specific implementations
    - Well, custodial usage for small amounts of funds isn’t necessarily bad? Are people willing to make that tradeoff?
        - Janusz: I don’t think we get into the business of describing why people think a custodial solution is ok. I feel like we operate on the basis of “need to scale Bitcoin self-custodially”. 
            - Others pushed back on this
    - Should we be trying to make a difference adversarial cases and optimistic use cases?
    - What is the cost of unilateral exit related to l2s who enable it? Will most people be able to do this?
