July 11th

### ICP Review Response

- A bit insane. The criticism of the review wasn't due to it being incorrect, it was due to the website proposedly showing a bias towards Bitcoin-native security. Another was that we didn't share all risks associated with specific protocols in our assessment (follow up below).
- Response was good from BL side. Some core ICP engineers commented that the review was factually correct. Some decent feedback received.

### Discussion around additional section in review

- An item BL core team has been discussing is an additional section to acknowledge tradeoffs with relevant protocols. Push back on this has been due to it becoming a slippery slope and showing reviewer bias
- Another idea is to shift this section towards an "additional considerations section". For example, if 80% (fact check) of LN use is custodial, then people should be informed of that in our risk review. We can highlight this in the additional considerations section so people are able to understand that there are further risks / user trends
- This "additional consideration" section can also acknowledge protocol risks that are out of scope of our core assessment. We can start aggregating risks for specific implementations and list them in a doc in GitHub. Can link that in relevant reviews.
- This section helps provide nuance and color on associated risks. There's no unified scaling roadmap in Bitcoin, so it is difficult to fit all context, for every different type of scaling protocol, within the core risk assessment

### Use cases section discussion

- This section can be used (a bit) to clarify tradeoffs and why some users to elect to use one protocol for a specific use case. E.g. "I want to use a sidechain because I'm unwilling to use X protocol due to complexity"
- For example, "channel-less" payments is a use case. Framing this is kind of difficult, but can be sorted out

### Next steps

- Determine how these sections should be formatted
- Start working on documentation of risks with bitcoin scaling protocols
