Community call May 16

Three topics were discussed:
1. What is the key value prop of Bitcoin layers?
2. L2 definitions
3. 



Do bitcoin layers have a moat against alt-L1s once each can have a covenant bridge?
If 1, yes
If 2, maybe not


1. the key value prop of Bitcoin Layers

Do people want
i. applications built with bitcoin's security
	layers built on BTC

ii. applications that can utilize the liquidity of BTC the asset?
	ie covenants for bridging to layers, or to eth/sol/etc
	
Saunter is in camp 1
Red and Bogdan are in camp 2 - "users don't care about security"


2. on semantics and L2 definitions:

A goal for us is to make a strict definition of L2 to motivate builders and users to get on more secure platforms.

Calling everything an L2 causes confusion. Even though programmable L2s are impossible today, we should not move the goalposts, or else things become more confusing in the future once they're made possible.

L2s are defined by unilateral exits


3. BitVM vs CatVM
what's the difference?
Both BitVM and opcat are broad technologies, so they're not strictly rivalrous
they can absolutely work together and do more things than bridging

we have bitvm today as it doesn't need a new opcode. it's not going anywhere. CatVM, however, needs the opcat opcode.

BitVM bridges are more trust-minimized than historical options, but an opcat-powered bridge (ie a covenant) would be even better from a sovereignty perspective 

Unlike typical bridges, the BitVM bridges have an operator that acts as a middle-man between bridge users and bridge liquidity. this is a bottleneck for throughput and in some models, requires a multisig fallback
