## Call notes:

- No deep discussions. Main takeaway is that we should ask community members if they're interested in helping us potentially design a weighted risk assessment that

We did have a meeting with the Bitcoin Design Community yesterday. Here are some notes from that call.

## Bitcoin design meeting notes

- Most important thing are the risks
- We see color indicators, but they don’t say anything
- Questions:
    - I am curious why most of them say "Under review", but when you click through there is a lot of information about each project. Does that mean there are partial reviews?
    -   Not partial reviews. We'll be adding a description to each project. Some of the pages currently contain placeholder information.
    - Regarding the score: you could also have one aggregated score and display the sub-scores as well, if there are only a couple of them 
- Inspiration: https://l2beat.com/scaling/risk
- Having the risk scores presented the page allows them to make an immediate decision
- In each column they have an analysis. It can be a bit hard to understand
- We should only have one risk column to share the level of risk, in that hover we can explain the subcategories
- Maybe have a more generic UI that just displays  the information, but only has the risk aspect (we have that)
- How can we clarify the use case for the layer on the main page?
- Label by use cases
    - Some people want to know if what they’re using is secure
    - Some people want to find a chain to support what they’re doing
- It’s more about proving that teams 
- A search bar would be really helpful as well to work through the things they’re looking for
- “A fun design challenge”
- Really useful to think about personas who are interested in this
    - Traditional Bitcoin 
        - Bitcoin only, traditionally use lightning + liquid
    - New Bitcoin users
        - People who have experience with EVM chains and want to use Bitcoin Layers now
    - New users
        - People new to Bitcoin and just want to learn about these things
- Positive feedback means we have done something right with the current design
- Do we consider if a project is VC funded?
    - From a token perspective, no, we don’t really cover if the project’s token is distributed fairly or not
    - We can cover the contributors to the project, and here we can mention VCs potentially. 
- Can we also consider things like multiple node implementations (I think we do that in the open-source section)
- When people arrive on the initial wallet scrutiny page, they abstract away complexity. It allows people to go a layer deeper through the design flow
    - I really like this point
    - What is the highest priority information we give users at first glance, and then what is the second layer that allows us to go a bit deeper
    - Feedback: For someone who might not be familiar with L2s, they might not really understand the classifications of the specific layer. This creates a harder user experience
