# Community call notes

- Janusz presents framework
- Response
    - Directionally correct
    - How do we answer questions on how we land on a specific points deduction?
        - If something is on the boundaries of a specific risk item, how do we justify giving a weighted score that might have a protocol change their overall score?
    - 15/20 multisig can degrade based on specific criteria when you look at things more granular
        - Is the reviewer giving their own subjective 
    - If we get very granular is this potentially an issue where personal bias of the reviewer can influence the overall score
- Response
    - Yeah, having multiple people review the assessments can help ensure that everything is objective as possible
        - Again, can also ensure that we not going as granular as possible to make thing as objective
- Question
    - Should we make things publicly verifiable? 
    - Additionally, is it putting things in stages a better way to look at this?
- Follow up
    - Should we have stages just for rollups? Because validiums and optimums, etc., don’t have stages
    - You don’t want to put a project in a position to have people think that something is on their roadmap because we say it
        - Like, a sidechain might not want to be a rollup
        - So the stages might imply that teams are supposed to reach that point one da
- Follow up
    - Why not just analyze the rollup in stages?
    - Everything is a sidechain!
    - The question is if does the sidechain inherit security 
        - We can outline if the project wants to become a rollup, and outline why they’re not 
- Follow up
    - There’s nothing wrong with looking at a project and objectively saying 
    - Calling it stages can imply that side chains are looking to get to the next stage 
        - This might not apply to a project
    - More in favor of separating the idea of what type of chain is this, and just analyzing the risk score
        - The risk score applies independent of the style of the sidechain/L2
- General discussion on specific categories
    - DA - this weird area due to limited throughput in the Bitcoin DA
        - Should we be more flexible with the DA risk score and just analyze alternative DA 
        - DAC’s / altDA’s might provide more trustworthy availability of data in event of miner censorship? Interesting discussion followed this
    - DA is crucial to permitting unilateral exit
    - Onchain DA will always be objectively more secure
    - Nakamoto coefficient style score
        - How many nodes need to disappear for a data withholding attack to be successful?
- Follow up
    - Biggest problem with security is looking at various attacks
    - How do you defend against various types of attacks?
        - DA withholding?
        - Smart contract exploits?
        - Rug pull?
    - Is having centralized parties that could also institute a upgrade to revert a malicious  parties
    - Is stuff audited? Consider this 
        - This can be an entry requirement to receive an official score
- Alternative token
    - General discussion around tokens being necessary in the assessment
