notes 2024/04/18

Main topics discussed:
1. Sovereignty
2. Runes
3. CatVM


1. SOVEREIGNTY

Sovereignty is the big one, can funds be lost anywhere in the process

specifically looking at the interim states of multisigs

Unilateral mostly covers this tbh, when looking from a technical POV and ignoring L1 tx costs

In the future, L1 costs will become extreme, and then we'll need to reanalyze risk

But the optimist in me says that market incentives will create solutions where a user can pay a small fee (eg 1%) to pool their exit with others and move their BTC back onto L1

Ordinals are unlikely ever to create enough sustained L1 activity to cause such consistently high fees that L1 is usable. But rollups will most definitely cause that with Bitcoin's limited DA

2. RUNES

Will layers launch their tokens as Runes?

Bitflow Finance, a DEX on Stacks, is launching a $BFF runes token

If the UX is smooth, we may see other dapps from layers (eg StackingDAO) or layers themselves (eg BOB or Merlin) launch their tokens as Runes

To recap, 

-inscriptions are the act of including arbitrary data in a tx

-Ordinal Theory is a method of indexing/organizing/cataloging some of those inscriptions for certain token standards

-NFTs, BRC20s, and Runes are examples of token standards under the Ordinal Theory umbrella

BRC20s and Runes are both fungible tokens, but BRC20s are based on the account-based accounting model. This is like trying to create global state in the ephemeral UTXO set, which is clunky and requires extra txs and UTXOs

Runes are based on the UTXO model, which makes them more flexible on L1 as well as presents a possibility to use them in other UTXO envs like Lightning

Runes go live tm night at the halving. Looking forward to seeing what the UX is like and who launches a utility token since we mostly have memecoins rn

LRC20s also look exciting. This is its own token standard for LN, using data stored in tweaked public keys. So freaking cool to organize existing data in a way that it can store new data, without interrupting the existing protocol. Then some offchain indexer interprets that storage pattern to offchain-enforce that logic. Like the MEV-scriptions idea of using tx ordering to store data.

3. CATVM

The Wizards released their coloring book about CatVM. Looks exciting. However BitVM knowledge is progressing so fast that we should really get a better understanding of what can be done right now before changing the protocol. This is perfect as the wizard-opcat-enjoyooors and the reuben-ctv-enjoyooors and the other opcode trailblazers need time to battle it out on how to enable covenants best
